DOCSUP-16361: Update the SQL-statement CREATE DATABASE (#30772)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/create/database.md

### ENGINE {#engine}

> [MySQL](../../../engines/database-engines/mysql.md) allows you to retrieve data from the remote MySQL server. By default, ClickHouse uses its own [database engine](../../../engines/database-engines/index.md). There is also a [lazy](../../../engines/database-engines/lazy.md) engine.

Reviewer: It looks outdated, a long time ago we had only `Ordinary`, `MySQL` and `Lazy` engines, now we have much more and should not highlight only `MySQL` and `Lazy` here.
```suggestion
By default, ClickHouse uses its own [Atomic](../../../engines/database-engines/atomic.md) database engine. There are also [Lazy](../../../engines/database-engines/lazy.md), MySQL, PostgresSQL, MaterializedMySQL, MaterializedPostgreSQL, Dictionary, Replicated <other engines and links to the corresponding doc pages>.
```

Reviewer: @sevirov, please, read the suggestion before committing it

Author: @tavplubix Yes, I've read it, I'm doing it now.
